---
layout: post 
title: Chinese Stock Market v.s. U.S. Stock Market 
description: summary of the relative discuss and arguements  
tag: Quantitative Analysis
---

### predictors 
>Contrasting previous studies for the U.S. market, <font color=red>liquidity</font> emerges as the
>most important predictor, leading us to examine the impact of <font color=red>transaction costs</font> closely.
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

### retail investors
>The retail investors' dominating presence positively affects <font color=red>short-term predictability</font>, 
>particularly for <font color=red> small stocks </font>. 
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).
> ===========================
>
> Chinese stock market is dominated by retail investors. The <font color=red>speculative</font> 
> and short-term trading motives of many retail investors may lead to 
>increased <font color=red>turnover</font>. 
> * According to the 2019 yearbook of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, there are 214.5 million
    investors in china, 213.8 million are <font color=red>individual investors</font>, and 0.7 million are 
    <font color=red>institutional investors</font> 
> * the value of shares traded stood at 224% of <font color=red>market capitalization</font>
  in 2019, compared to 108% for the U.S. market.
>
> =====================================
> creates heightened volatility that may disconnect share prices from    
> the underlying economic conditions.
>
> Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

### large stocks and state-owned enterprises
>Another feature that distinguishes the Chinese from the U.S. market is the high 
>predictability of large stocks and state-owned enterprises over longer horizons. 
>The out-of-sample performance remains economically significant 
>after <font color=red> transaction costs</font>.
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).


### market size
>As of October 2020, the total value of China's stock market has climbed to 
>a record high of more than $10 trillion, as the country's accelerating economic 
>recovery from the pandemic has surpassed the previous high reached during an 
>equity bubble five years ago, making it the second-largest in the 
>world, after the U.S. at nearly $39 trillion.
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).


### politic 
>(1)For example, the process of IPOs and seasonal stock offerings is highly political, 
>and companies cannot predict when the market value will be high.
>
>(2)On the other hand, <font color=red>listed companies</font>, especially state-owned enterprises (SOEs), 
>are prevented from shares buy-back when share prices fall below fundamental values.
These automatic market correction mechanisms are therefore affected by government-oriented restrictions
>
>(3)Given that China has been experiencing a highly dynamic development through a series of structural breaks, implementing various 
financial reforms, and expanding its capital markets' openness, we conjecture that highly 
fiexible methods are required to account for the Chinese market's specificity.
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

### long-short strategies
> While most of the literature on <font color=red>factor investing</font> in
> U.S. and European markets rely on long-short strategies, such a strategy is 
> less realistic for Chinese market. Hence, we also analyze <font color=red> long-only portfolios</font>
> which are more relevant from a practitioner's viewpoint.
>
> Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

### factor investing
> As of today, there is no large database of factor returns available for the Chinese market.
> Therefore, we contribute to the research on empirical asset pricing in 
China by building a unique and comprehensive set of factors
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

### machine learning
>A rapidly growing number of studies examine the cross-section and the 
>time-series of stock returns with machine learning tools, predominantly 
>focusing on the U.S. market.
>
>Their results suggest that machine learning improves the description of expected return and, 
>when applied to portfolio construction, performance improvements arise most prominently among 
>the more sophisticated models and are due in large part to the allowance of non-linear predictor 
>interactions that are missed by simpler methods
>
>Although machine learning may substantially improve the pricing of assets, Arnott et al. (2019), 
>Gu et al. (2020b), and Israel et al. (2020), among others, 
>also point out that these methods cannot identify <font color=red>deep fundamental economic principles</font>.
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

### Three key features in chinese market
> * Chinese stock market is dominated by retail investors.
> 
> * a key characteristic of China's financial system from an institutional 
  perspective is that it is centrally controlled, bank-dominated, and uniquely 
  relationship-driven. 
>
> * The chinese market has a limited history of short sales.
>
>Cite from: [Machine-Learning in the Chinese Stock Market](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.08.017).

